x- Welcome Message  - As a customer, I would like to see a welcome message when I start the
    application, so that I feel welcome and know that Biblioteca is available.
x- List Books - As a customer, after the welcome message appears
    I would like to see a list of all library books, so that
    I can browse for books I might want to check-out.
    Assume that there is a pre-existing list of books.
    You don't need to support adding or removing books from the library.
x- Book Details - As a customer, I'd like the list of all books to include
    each books Author and Year Published, so that I can be confident
    that I have found the book I am looking for. The book listing should
    have columns for this information.
    x-has 3columns
    x-prints 3 columns
x- Main Menu  - As a customer, instead of automatically seeing the book list,
    I would like to see a list of options and be able to choose one. For now,
    the only option should be 'List Books'. All future options should be added
    to this menu also.
    x print "List Books"
    x if types "1" -> execute list books
- Invalid Menu Option - As a customer, I would like to be notified when I
    choose an invalid option with the message “Select a valid option!”,
    so that I can know when I need to re-enter my choice.
    x- return msg when not correct option
    x- move forward when is correct option
- Quit - As a customer, I would like to continue choosing options until I
    choose to 'Quit'.
    x-menu should display "quit" option
    X-first select quit in initial menu, should quit
    X-second select quit after selecting list books (can choose 1 or 2 at every point)
- Checkout Book - As a librarian, I would like customers to be able to
    check-out a book. Checked out books should not appear in the list
    of all library books.
    -customers_books should exist
    -cusbk should be added from book list
        -add to cusbk
        -delete from booklist
    -cusbk not contain any in bookList
- Successful Checkout - As a customer, I would like to know that a book
    has been checked out by seeing the message “Thank you! Enjoy the book”.
- Unsuccessful Checkout - As a customer, I would like to be notified if the
    book I tried to check-out is not available by seeing the message, “That
    book is not available.”, so that I know that I need to select a
    different book or fix my spelling error.
- Return Book - As a librarian, I would like customers to be able to return
    a book, so that other customers can check that book out. Returned books
    should appear in the list of library books.
- Successful Return - As a customer, I would like to be notified if the
    book I am returning belongs to this library by seeing the message,
    “Thank you for returning the book.”, so that I know I returned the
    book to the right library.
- Unsuccessful Return - As a customer, I would like to be notified if the
    book I am returning has not been added to this library by seeing the
    message, “That is not a valid book to return.”, so that I can return
    it to the correct library or fix my spelling error.

    issues:
    1. no integration tests/ main() -> is it ok to design without a main? programme only runs in units
    2. go is not tested
    3. mock objects - not testing process finished
    4. change from numbers to typing names of things
    5. selectMenu(getInput()); move get input to inside selectMenu
    6. test doesnt check exit after "bye!"
